= less_interactions

A new way to think about your Ruby applications.

== What is it?

Less::Interactions are a place to put all of your business logic. They're intedned to be used primarly inside a rails app but they don't need rails to work.

== What problem is it solving?

Rails is great, but if you build a rails app of any size you start running into problems:
* Where do I put this bit of code?
* Having a model call another model just to call the previous model is stupid and error prone.
* ActiveRecord's before & after filters are the devil.
* Where is the entry point to my app? Sometimes you access the app from places other than the controller (cron, console, background jobs), how do you know a safe entry point.
* What are all the side effects of calling this method?

== Contributing to less_interactions
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2014 LessEverything See LICENSE.txt for further details.
